{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1348\cocoasubrtf170
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural

\f0\fs24 \cf0 Metadata\
\
fires_usfs.csv\
#From Jay Miller. \
Fires >80 ha\
Fires from 1984-2016\
Fires >50% on USFS land, or <50% USFS and >50% NPS\
\
\
Patch_analysis_fires_02_17\
#From Jay Miller. Emailed:\
First, I have to say that I was a little sloppy on the first edition of the list. I had included a bunch of fires that were <65% on USFS lands. I now have  PCT_FS filled in for all fires.  I went ahead and included all the fires that were >50% on USFS lands. I did not delete any of the fires that I had already done (the fires <50% are highlighted in yellow). I didn\'92t go back and include any others that were <50%. Of course many NPS fires were 0%, but you can see that from the Agency field. For the fires that occurred on both NPS and USFS, and where PCT_FS was >0% and <65%, I set the Agency to lead agency followed by the second agency (e.g. USF,NPS).\
\
 I changed the Veg type on a couple fires that I had originally set to \'93Forest\'94.  I did not go back and do any more fires that were non-forest.\
\
Just to clarify \'93Forest\'94 means conifer.  There were some fires where I just could not decide on a single type, so the field may have two types.  This primarily occurred on FRAP fires, which tended to be lower elevation and therefore crossed that forest/non-forest elevation zone.\
\
I count 26 FRAP fires in Forest that did not occur on USFS lands and were within the general region of the NW and Sierra Nevada forests (highlighted in green). There were 3 fires that were <50% USFS and >1%HS. Many of those fires were west of the Six Rivers and Mendocino NFs. I can go back and calculate the BA90 and patch size values if you really want those.\
\
\'97\'97\'97\'97\'97\
\
\
 \
\
}